Congratulations, you've made it!
I've got something for you, hold on a sec,
I'm not gonna go into my elevator this time.
I don't have an elevator so no.
This is for you, okay?
Wow!
Oh my God, it's amazing!
You wanna see it?
You sure?
Right, here we go.
I've got an award for you.
Okay?
It's an Oscar.
Okay so...
(orchestral music)
This is an Oscar, this is for you.
You're now better prepared for your speech
and your presentation or your public speaking engagement
than literally anybody you know.
Okay, this is very true
and this should give you the confidence to know
that you're gonna do exceptionally well
on your big day and you're gonna enjoy,
you're gonna have a lot of fun,
you're gonna be relaxed, okay?
You're gonna have a blast
and never ever again will you not like public speaking,
okay?
I just wanna thank you very much
for sticking with me through this entire course.
I know it was long and I hope you learned a lot
and I hope you enjoyed as well
and I hope going forward, you love public speaking.
This is an Oscar, right?
It's on this Oscar, I wanna show it to you.
I thought this would be kind of cool.
I don't know if you can see that but there's five circles.
These five little circle canisters, you see it right here?
And these five circle canisters,
they symbolize directing, producing, writing,
the technical side of movies and acting, right?
Which represents the five original branches of the Academy.
This Oscar replica, right?
Is 3.85 kilograms,
which is eight and a half pounds, right?
It's 34 centimeters tall
which is 13.5 inches
and this one's pretty heavy.(groans)
This one's, it's not gold plated though.
Again, it's a replica.
Putting together your presentation was a huge effort.
You also have to write, produce, direct, act
and put together the technical aspects of your presentation,
just like the Oscars.
Anyway, I'm very, very, very happy that you're done
the course, right?
I wanted to give you just a quick recap.
So, here's what we're gonna do.
I'm gonna give you a recap of all 12 acts
in a 140 characters or less so let's do this.
I'll kick it off with a recap of act one.
If we understand who our target audience or customer is,
we can ensure that we discuss relevant topics
that can also appeal to emotions.
Moving on to act two recap.
If we begin with the end goal in mind,
goal, Gretzky represent.
we can nail the purpose of the speech
and hit other goals like impressing those
that can promote us.
In terms of act three recap,
remember, the content rules, C-A-P.
Cider is C.
A is audience.
P is purpose, okay?
Now, cider remember, C stands for convincing,
I is interesting, D is different, E is educational
R is relevant.
Alright, next up we have, act four recap.
We talked about more than 10 different presentation
and image applications.
We also talked about PIMCO, P-I-M-C-O for slide rules.
PIMCO in our case stands for pictures, inspiration,
minimalism, consistent and original.
(upbeat music)
Next up, we have act five where we dealt with confidence
and we discussed turning on the confidence switch.
Elite athletes like Bob Gibson.
We also talked about Warren Buffett
and whether or not you think you can achieve something,
you're right.
(upbeat music)
In terms of act six, we talked about the medium
being more important than the message.
Deliver with passion, move around, pause,
change your tone, use your hands and your eyes.
In terms of act number seven,
during the Q&A session, using transition words
and frameworks can buy you time
and help you more logically answer questions.
Next up we have act number eight.
We discussed how to practice your speech
in distracting environments and exactly what to do
in the days or weeks before in the morning of.
Moving on to act number nine,
we discussed appearance secrets of newscasters
what to eat and getting into an optimal state of mind
so we can make a great first impression.
(upbeat music)
Next up, we have act 10.
After the speech is done,
we need to make sure we accomplished the speech's purpose
from act number two.
Follow up ASAP, ask for the sale et cetera, thanks.
(upbeat music)
In act number 11, those of you that watched all
of the first intermission, you'll remember this one.
Act 11 recap, included are 25 guide books
and 50 templates that's two per type of presentation
and the intent is to help you work smarter and not harder.
You're still here?
It's over.
Go home.
Go!
Just kidding.
I saved the best for last here, the hat.
In act number 12, in this section,
there's additional resources, including quotes
and other items and if you want me to add
any more items please let me know, thank you.
I just wanna finish it off by sincerely thanking you.
I really, really hope you enjoyed this.
Your speech has the opportunity to change
and improve the life of many people around
you including your own, of course.
There's really no limits to what you can achieve.
I just wanna say that, you know, one speech
can really change the world if given the right way
and I believe you can do it armed with these skills
that you've learned.
If you have any questions about this course,
I'm sorry I'm rambling here but its kind of,
bit emotional for me,
I've worked hard on this.
Just let me know.
I really believe that life all comes down
to a few short moments and thank you very much
for your time, your dedication and your commitment.
God bless you, thank you.